D1 during the coursework, multiple softwares were used to facilitate collaboration efforts. 
these softwares included teams to meet as a group to distribute workload and talk in real 
time if this was needed for collaboration efforts, during work on section a, microsoft 
whiteboard was used to pool together ideas and work in one space, that way everyone 
could be on the same page and work as one. during the coding efforts, github was used to
upload code on a regular basis for debugging. if one group member got stuck while coding
their code would be uploaded to github for the other group members to advance the code.
the github repository can be found here; (LINK), using github increased productivity
massively, rather than one person getting stuck on a single piece of code and holding 
everyone else up. all group members could pitch in to accelerate the coding process
and prevent holdups. Throughout all parts of the coursework, whatsapp and discord were
used to schedule meetings or request information or help from the group and to upload pdf
files showing progress. the group chat was also used to make announcements, such as 
completing a piece of code or new uploads to the repository.

D2 - work was distributed evenly, with collaboration efforts being made where necessary
     the group contributed where they needed to, which led to the work being completed
     on time

   - group members attended scheduled meetings and most spent as much time as was 
     necessary to complete work or recieve tasks, this sometimes led to meetings 
     being 3 hours long in the case of a whiteboard collaboration session. but as
     this was necessary to complete the task, most of the team stayed
   
   - productivity within the group was excellent, for example. during the progression of 
     section B, one group member would get stuck on debugging a piece of code they wrote.
     request help in the whatsapp group, and the code would be uploaded to github. 
     picked up by another group member and debugged and completed in a timely manner.

   - most group members recognised that this task was important to all of us, so there 
     was no issue or embarassment requesting help from the group as everyone within the group 
     knew that this task was a team effort, and the extra work one member put in to aid 
     another member would also benefit their mark too at the end of the task. 

D3 the main problem within the group arose from mohammads role, the rest of the group met
to progress with part A, we had gotten halfway through section A. mohammad had decided 
on his own accord, to complete section A himself, he did complete section A in a timely 
manner, however none of the previous work done by the rest of the group was used. mohammad
used the incorrect system for question A1 which led to an incorrect model, linearisation and
transfer function. all of which were essential to section B, the onus on which was placed on 
David and Neivydas to complete, upon being asked to complete part A again using the correct 
system that the rest of the group had been working with thusfar, so that the proceeding 
sections could be completed. mohammad made no attempt to finish part A correctly. the burden
of completing the task then fell to the rest of the group who then had to make up for lost 
time. on completion of part A correctly. mohammads work that had been finished was rendered 
obscelete, and therfore had no use to the rest of the group. this was the only problem the
group had faced when completing this task. 
